public/pages-markdown/About/about.md, before:

I'm Viktor Kolev - a 22 year old guy from Bulgaria. I've been studying Frontend Development since 2023 and in late 2025 I decided to learn some Java to expand my knowledge and skills. This is my own website! Pretty much everything is built from the ground up by me and I'm quite proud of that. As for me, I'm a metalhead that loves playing videogames with friends, drawing / painting, playing guitar or bass, reading different kinds of books, backpacking, bushcrafting and many other silly endeavours.

## Programming

I try to keep myself busy with projects pretty much all the time. You can find them here in my Projects page and on GitHub.

| Frontend              | Backend | Popular stuff I've utilized               |
| --------------------- | ------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| HTML/CSS              | Java    | Firebase (hosting, auth, data)            |
| JavaScript/TypeScript |         | ThreeJS (rednering 3D Models in websites) |
| React                 |         | TailwindCSS, Bootstrap (CSS libraries)    |
| ThreeJS               |         | Remarkable (Markdown Parsing)             |
|                       |         | JavaFX                                    |

## Music

I was going to do Top 5 albums, songs and musicians, but it was TOO HARD! Here are my favourites.

###### Note: the lists below are not ranked in any way, they are all number ones in my opinion - as with other lists on this page

| Favourite albums                                           | Favourite bands/musicians |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Smashing Pumpkins - Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness | Hugh Laurie               |
| Queens of the Stone Age - Songs for the Deaf               | Dave Matthews             |
| Black Sabbath - Master of Reality                          | Type O Negative           |
| Daughter - Music from Before The Storm                     | Massive Attack            |
| Led Zeppelin - Led Zeppelin II                             | Led Zeppelin              |

## Games

I love video games, TCGs and board games. Magic The Gathering is basically an addiction of mine, as I'm sitting at around 10+ decks for around 5 formats of the game...

| Favourite video games | Favourite board games      | Favourite TCGs           |
| --------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| Minecraft             | Elder Sign                 | Magic The Gathering      |
| The Binding of Isaac  | The Binding of Isaac       | Flesh and Blood          |
| Counter-Strike        | Nemesis                    | Sorcery: Contested Realm |
| Cyberpunk 2077        | God of War (The Card Game) |                          |
| Resident Evil (any)   | Tiny Epic Dungeons         |                          |

## PC

I decided to share my build, as I found this to be the most cost-efficient quality PC parts for 1440p 144hz 144fps gaming. I use a 3440x1440p curved 34inch OLED monitor, so I need a beefy machine.

###### Note: I'm sadly running windows at the moment, as I play CS on Faceit + Easy Anti Cheat doesn't work on Linux. My beast of a laptop (a very old second-hand Lenovo Thinkpad) has Arch Linux installed and it keeps up with my PC for coding and work stuff. Some time in the future I'll install a double boot on my PC for Manjaro x Windows.

| PC part     | Spec                          |
| ----------- | ----------------------------- |
| CPU         | AMD Ryzen 5 9600x             |
| GPU         | Radeon RX 9070 XT             |
| RAM         | Kingston 32GB DDR5            |
| Motherboard | GIGABYTE B650 EAGLE AX        |
| PSU         | Corsair RM1000e               |
| SSD         | Samsung 990 PRO (MZ-V9P1T0BW) |
| Cooler      | Noctua NH-D15S                |

Commit message:

Add about page text + about.md text

public/pages-markdown/About/about.md, after:

## Programming

I try to keep myself busy with projects pretty much all the time. You can find them in my Projects page and on GitHub.

| Frontend              | Backend | Popular stuff I've utilized               |
| --------------------- | ------- | ----------------------------------------- |
| HTML/CSS              | Java    | Firebase (hosting, auth, data)            |
| JavaScript/TypeScript | Python  | ThreeJS (rednering 3D Models in websites) |
| React                 |         | TailwindCSS, Bootstrap (CSS libraries)    |
| ThreeJS               |         | Remarkable (Markdown Parsing)             |
|                       |         | JavaFX                                    |

And there are other essentials I've used - npm, vite, git, etc. and I'm learning Java at the moment, which means the list is only expandi further with different tech.

## Music

I was going to do Top 5 albums, songs and musicians, but it was TOO HARD! Here are my favourites.

###### Note: the lists below are not ranked in any way, they are all number ones in my opinion - as with other lists on this page

| Favourite albums                                           | Favourite bands/musicians |
| ---------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------- |
| Smashing Pumpkins - Mellon Collie and the Infinite Sadness | Hugh Laurie               |
| Queens of the Stone Age - Songs for the Deaf               | Dave Matthews             |
| Black Sabbath - Master of Reality                          | Type O Negative           |
| Daughter - Music from Before The Storm                     | Massive Attack            |
| Led Zeppelin - Led Zeppelin II                             | Led Zeppelin              |

## Books

I try to read books as often as possible - my goal is to keep it at least one book a month. I wouldn't call myself a bookworm, I just love learning about different topics and collecting the books which have helped me do so. Same thing goes for a few comic books, as I find them both a good read and simply very cool. Fiction and non-fiction, I just love opening my mind to different ideas.

###### Note: To be clear - I've read other books/comics besides these ones lol. I just wouldn't say they fall into the "favorite" category.

| Favourite Books                                                | Favourite comic books (will put manga here) |
| -------------------------------------------------------------- | ------------------------------------------- |
| Anything by H. P. Lovecraft                                    | Star Wars: Kanan                            |
| Unscripted: Life, Liberty, and the Pursuit of Entrepreneurship | Star Wars: Darth Vader (Charles Soule)      |
| 1984                                                           | Berserk                                     |

## Games

I love video games, TCGs and board games. Magic The Gathering is basically an addiction of mine, as I'm sitting at around 10+ decks for around 5 formats of the game...

| Favourite video games | Favourite board games      | Favourite TCGs           |
| --------------------- | -------------------------- | ------------------------ |
| Minecraft             | Elder Sign                 | Magic The Gathering      |
| The Binding of Isaac  | The Binding of Isaac       | Flesh and Blood          |
| Counter-Strike        | Nemesis                    | Sorcery: Contested Realm |
| Cyberpunk 2077        | God of War (The Card Game) |                          |
| Resident Evil (any)   | Tiny Epic Dungeons         |                          |

## PC

I decided to share my build, as I found this to be the most cost-efficient quality PC parts for 1440p 144hz 144fps gaming. I use a 3440x1440p curved 34inch OLED monitor, so I need a beefy machine.

###### Note: I'm sadly running windows at the moment, as I play CS on Faceit + Easy Anti Cheat doesn't work on Linux. My beast of a laptop (a very old second-hand Lenovo Thinkpad) has Arch Linux installed and it keeps up with my PC for coding and work stuff. Some time in the future I'll install a double boot on my PC for Arch x Windows.

| PC part     | Spec                          |
| ----------- | ----------------------------- |
| CPU         | AMD Ryzen 5 9600x             |
| GPU         | Radeon RX 9070 XT             |
| RAM         | Kingston 32GB DDR5            |
| Motherboard | GIGABYTE B650 EAGLE AX        |
| PSU         | Corsair RM1000e               |
| SSD         | Samsung 990 PRO (MZ-V9P1T0BW) |
| Cooler      | Noctua NH-D15S                |
